Add ban user by id command `/banid` (#4411)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

- Minor: Delete all but the last 5 crashdumps on application start. (#4392)

> - Minor: Added `/banid` command that allows banning by userID. (#4411)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added `/banid` command that allows banning by user ID. (#4411)
```

Reviewer 2: none of the antonyms for `concatenate` are very exciting 😢

> - Minor: Added `/banid` command that allows banning by user ID. (#4411)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added `/banid` command that allows banning by userID. (#4411)
```
I have a vague memory of some argument why mentions of userids should be `userID` and while I don't remember what we we decided on or even if it was for chatterino/pajbot, but I think no space is more correct
